Welcome back in in the last lesson we left off where we were getting that event target and we needed
to pick up that idea values.
We need to check to see data set id and let's try that now.
So whenever it gets clicked we either get false or true.
So no if the answer is true or false.
So that gives us the ability to track back what the answer was.
I also want to place that answer value into the user answer array.
So we know that we've got a number of different answers there.
And this is where again we should pick up a way to track that index value.
So I'm just going to set another one for inducts And let's set up instead of answer we're going to do
X.
So that way if we want to we can pick up the index value that they've selected and push that into that
user answer array.
So we actually will know what answer those users have selected.
So next let's let's push that value into the array.
So we want to place it in a specific spot in the array so maybe if they skip a question they want to
come back.
So we want to add whatever the page value is in the array.
So sometimes we might set it blank or so on.
So this is do it within this format and we're going to equal this value.
And this is also in case they go back and they make a change so we can place that index value into the
user answer array.
So doing that now this gives us the ability to kind of track those answers and also whatever one we've
selected.
What I want to happen is I want to add an active class to it.
So let's do that as well.
We'll set up a class and we'll do background color on it so that we can distinguish what's been actually
selected.
So a background color of Alice blue.
So now whenever we make our selection whenever that event listener gets added I want to update that
class value.
So when a clot toggle the class list of that particular item.
So that data and this one is Clauss list.
So this is the same as we saw before when we have the ability to kind of toggle it.
So it gets clicked we toggle it back and forth.
And this one is actually a method.
So we're going to add active and and and remove active.
And one of the problems here is that if we add the active we can actually select multiple And so we
don't want that to happen.
So we actually need to remove that active from the other.
The other siblings that might have that same active class.
So we have a couple options here.
And what we can do is we can remove all of those classes from all of them and we know that they all
contained within that output one.
And they're all going to be children of output 1.
So we need a way to remove them.
So this is where we need to loop through.
So we could add or we could toggle.
So it actually doesn't matter because what I want to do is I actually want to remove them so I don't
want it actually to toggle.
I want to remove it from all the other ones.
So that's where we're going to stick with.
So let's set up a loop and we're going to loop through all of the available children that are within
output or because we've clicked.
We've used output as the listener.
That means that that content is actually sitting in this.
So we're going to loop through this.
Children length.
So while X is less than this children length let's increment X and from here let's do output or.
This actually doesn't matter.
This children we're referring to that same element and we need to identify the elements and it's class
list and let's remove it active from the classless to move out the class active.
And then we can go out and add it down here so let's try that out.
So now we should only have one active one and not active one gets lit up.
So that means we're ready to move on to the next part.
And if we go to use or answer we're actually dropping that information here.
Whatever was selected we still need to add in to that particular element.
So if that one is selected let's do a user answer we see that's one.
So we're able to show which value was selected and we can also transfer this into a number format.
So maybe that will work better if we just have a number of values there because they're represented
as numbers here as well so we know which one is correct within that array.
So that's where we can do the comparison at the end when we do our summary.
So we're ready to add in some buttons at the bottom so the users can move on to the next question if
they want.
So let's add those in.
So this is just going to be regular default see SS and we'll have two buttons maybe at the bottom where
we've got a div.
So this will be four buttons.
We don't actually need to give it a name and we'll have the two input types would have type button and
the first button is going to be
type button and we'll give it an ID of next and we'll give it a value of next as well so the user can
see that this is the next one and we're going to also do one for previous.
So it's out in one for previous ones.
Our next button this is our previous button and we'll just do previous as well.
So let's refresh.
So there we go.
We've got buttons we're able to make our selection on the quiz and we can hit next.
So next we need to do it we need to add an event listener to the next button so that we can move on
to the next question and represent the next question for the user.
I can't get rid of this console logs here we don't need them anymore.
And let's set up into that listener for that
and we'll set up both of those event listeners.
So this is where our listeners will sit.
So let's
do document get element by id and first will do next and we're going to just simply add the listener
to it.
So the listener is going to be on click and it fire off this function here.
So we're going to do an anonymous function and that function is actually going to call two to the next
part of it.
So we're we're actually going to load through and we're going to send over information into it.
So we've got our build a page and we need to create a function in order to move through the pages.
So I wanted to move but I want to pass in the value of page and we're going to do page plus one is where
we're going to move to
and let me clean that up a bit.
And this one over here we can do a quick one for previous
So this will be for the previous one and we're going to do page minus one and we're going to still use
that function move.
So let's go out and create that function.
And this is going to allow the user to move through the different quizzes.
And this is where we also need to apply some logic.
But for now let's go ahead and we're going to just to build a page and we need to apply some logic to
make sure that the user hasn't finished or that they're not going to a page that doesn't exist and so
on.
So let's let's just do
let's do page equals whatever value is passed into a.
So now we're able to move next and previous.
And if we go over we see we get some errors.
So we have to account for that.
And another thing that we need to account for is now that we're able to make these selections and set
them as active when we go back.
They're no longer set to active.
So we need to make sure that we can account for all of this and if there's no more content in the page
to be built that this is where the summary comes up and that we also can't go previous to pages that
don't exist.
So all of this we need to take care of in the upcoming lesson and what I want you to do now take the
source code add the functionality in as you can and Oshi the solution coming up in the next lesson.